ACCURATELYVALUE RISKIN REAL-TIME ACCURATELYVALUE RISK IN REAL-TIME WHOWE ARE WHO WE ARE Raisais a Denver-based company that was founded in 2014, with its key technology hub inCairo, that has built a differentiated investment platform for the Energy Sector thatcurrently manages over$2 Billionof investments. Raisais a Denver-based company that was founded in 2014, with its key technology hub inCairo, that has built a differentiated investment platform for the Energy Sector thatcurrently manages over$2 Billionof investments. Raisa $2 Billion Our mission is to become the standard for energy investments by accurately valuingrisk in real-time. Toward that goal, we are continuously improving our technologyplatform; that utilizes automation, AI, and Big Data technologies; to act as anexoskeleton to our energy subject matter experts in their decision-making process. Ourwork sits at the intersection ofO&G, Finance, andTechnology. Our mission is to become the standard for energy investments by accurately valuingrisk in real-time. Toward that goal, we are continuously improving our technologyplatform; that utilizes automation, AI, and Big Data technologies; to act as anexoskeleton to our energy subject matter experts in their decision-making process. Ourwork sits at the intersection ofO&G, Finance, andTechnology. O&G, Finance Technology. Our values: Our values: Integrity:"Honest with yourself" Integrity:"Honest with yourself" "Honest with yourself" "Honest with yourself" Purpose Beyond Ones self:“Enabling of others” Purpose Beyond Ones self:“Enabling of others” “Enabling of others” “Enabling of others” Continuous Improvement:"Relentless pursuit of best" Continuous Improvement:"Relentless pursuit of best" "Relentless pursuit of best" "Relentless pursuit of best" OUR SERVICES Raisa Energy Raisa Energy Raisa Energy enables access to ownership of mineral and non-operated workinginterests across North America at scale Raisa Energy enables access to ownership of mineral and non-operated workinginterests across North America at scale Raisa Energy enables access to ownership of mineral and non-operated workinginterests across North America at scale . . . Raisa Tech Raisa Tech is a full-stack team of developers, designers, data scientists and engineershelping bring a differentiated view to our current and future business opportunities. Raisa Tech is a full-stack team of developers, designers, data scientists and engineershelping bring a differentiated view to our current and future business opportunities. Raisa Tech is a full-stack team of developers, designers, data scientists and engineershelping bring a differentiated view to our current and future business opportunities. GET INTOUCH GET IN TOUCH We can't wait to hear from you We can't wait to hear from you We can't wait to hear from you Denver Office Denver Office 6465 Greenwood Plaza Blvd, 6465 Greenwood Plaza Blvd, STE 1000 STE 1000 Greenwood Village, CO 80111 Greenwood Village, CO 80111 Cairo Office Cairo Office Villa 2, Street 212, Maadi Villa 2, Street 212, Maadi Cairo Cairo Egypt, 11728 Egypt, 11728 +1 303-854-9141 +1 303-854-9141 +1 303-854-9141 © 2023 Raisa Energy LLC © 2023 Raisa Energy LLC Be a Socialite and  Follow Us: Be a Socialite and  Follow Us: